you hear a lot of doctors especially
plant-based doctors talking about heart
disease and you know not have to have
any oils or saturated fats because that
can lead to you know clogging your
arteries and stuff like that but what I
never really heard anyone talk about is
that having too low cholesterol is also
dangerous because cholesterol is super
important in the body what's up
Dirt Nasty here I'm a day six of my
cleanse I'm doing the this cleanse that
I got from my my yoga instructor been
doing Pilates been really healthy lately
day6 feeling good sleeping good only
fruits and vegetables only and waters
liquids some vitamin supplements clean
I'm really hungry
all you know mikado how are some veggies
raw fish maybe lots of water hotdogs
hamburgers cheeseburgers chocolate stuff
like chocolate ice cream chocolate cake
pizza pepperoni pizza mushroom most
vegetables on pizza any Italian food
spaghetti tortellini linguini yogi most
pastas most pastas are fine fried
chicken a lot of potatoes a lot of soul
food a lot of lots of you know dairy
cheeses a lot of milk tons of tomatoes
tacos most most Mexican foods burritos
what else only allowed to potato chips
candy
lots of candy like gummy lots of gummy
sour bears gummy bears
whatever pop-tart cereal most sweets are
fine eggs for protein I just came home
and had breakfast
my cholesterol was actually really low
and I always thought oh that's good like
I'm not gonna get hot disease or
whatever but it was actually to like
lots of grains like breads whole wheat
cheese plates fast food any fast food is
fine
pastries Chinese food lots of bok choy
lots of beef and broccoli orange chicken
shiny all chinese current lots of Korean
Indian food with rice
Thai food most spicy foods are fine
Indian food what else not but not East
Indian food Native American Indian food
which most people are not we're aware of
am I forgetting anything I think we got
it that's about it so I'm just gonna
keep doing this cleanse for a few more
days stick it out I don't think I'll
starve I'm gonna make it all that I'm
checking with you guys again soon tan
tan tan
[Music]